Very well, so we have a list of questions here now we've wrapped it inside of a data or exception class
there, which is really good.
So now let's go ahead and get the questions right.
So much they suspend again, suspend the function, say, get all questions.
And what type are we expecting here, right?
Expecting data or exception type?
And we're going to pass, of course, an array list containing our question items such but also.
We want to pass, you concede, even gives us the.
You can see here even gives us the guide.
What else can we pass?
Bullion bullying is going to just be a bullying for now and then the exception here, it's going to
be exceptions.
So essentially what we had over there, right inside here, I'm going to just put inside of a try and
catch because things could go wrong as we know, right?
So in this case, for our catch here, I'm going to pass.
Yes.
Going to see exception.
They say if something happens, it might pass an exception like this.
All right.
So what do we do instead of our tri block here?
Well, first of all, look at how wonderful this is.
This is.
This is this is why we went through the trouble of doing what we did, which was to create this data
or exception wrapper.
Look, I can now see this.
I can say data.
Remember, we have here, I call it list of question fact.
Let me change this to because it makes no sense to call list of exception list of questions, because
now the list of questions is actually inside of these that are accepted.
So let's just call this data or exception like this.
OK, that's better.
Now I can say data or exception, and I'm going to say that.
Loading.
Look at this because the Boolean Typekit can set it to something.
I'm going to set it to true because I'm saying now, if at some point, because I'm saying now in this
wrapper.
That added, I'm adding here the Boolean, I'm going to set it to true that way whenever somebody calls
this, get all questions and they expecting, yes, expecting this type here, data or exception.
That means then they can.
We can check to see if there are exceptions.
That loading is true.
That means it's loading.
Then I can let the user know that things are happening.
Just wait for a second by putting a little loader and so forth, right?
Any user interface?
You see the power now.
Otherwise, if we didn't do that, if we hadn't done this, we would have a little bit of trouble to
make to have this, to make this work.
We'd have to create probably two classes that encapsulate the loading and also the data and et cetera
and so forth.
But now we have put all of that information in one.
There are exceptional class.
Wonderful.
So now I set it to true say it's loading and then I say data or exception again.
Now I'm going to go to the data, look at how wonderful it is if I go to the variable or property data
of our data exceptions.
So I'm now back to here.
The first item, the T right template, which in this case is a real list of questions.
Look at this.
It says it's a list of questions that is the type that is expecting.
And it's notable because sometimes it could be no wonderful.
So for our data, what am I going to do?
Well, I'm going to say API, the question API, the Dow data access object, really, and I'm going
to get all questions.
Because now if you have over these ghetto questions, we'll see, it's from our question API and ghetto
questions.
He just returned a question object.
And if you go back, if we look at our question object, we will see what it is.
So let's take a question like this.
You see, it is indeed a narrow list of question items which works here because that's what this expects
to receive.
Okay.
Very good.
Now I can also say, if you look at this data or exception, our Raptor data or exception wrapper their
data that to string.
I can check if it's not empty.
Then data exception that loading I'm going to change this state, look at this to false to say, OK,
it's not empty, that means we've gotten something, so we're going to change the loading, the bullion,
this bullion here from our data or exception wrapper to false.
That way, again, whoever is consuming this data, we can check to say, OK, what is the state of
loading at this point?
Oh, it's false.
Great.
So we can stop whatever we're showing the user that things are loading spinner or whatever it is that
we're adding.
To show the user that something is happening in the background.
Beautiful.
I hope you're seeing the beauty of this.
It's it's incredible.
I love it.
All right.
So now, you know, a catch exception here.
Well, things could happen as you very well know.
Sometimes we may come empty handed or some exception happens.
So I'm going to say data exception.
Well, I can append that exception to where to what.
Well, daddy, look at this.
Expects an exception.
Right?
Exception there.
So what are we going to give it?
Well, I'm just pass in the exception that we're receiving and don't.
And if we want, we can put a log here just to for us developers to know what's what is the message,
the what is the exception?
I can say exception that and can even go and say, give me a localized message like this.
It looks like into probably.
Let's see.
I don't know.
There we go, because it's an olive oil could be no, OK.
I'm just going to say X see like these for exception for the attack.
All right.
But remember, that does get old questions, we are returning a data or exceptional returning something,
that's why we still have a squiggly red line here because we need to return something.
So here, all things considered, was this I'm going to return our data or exception object, which
hopefully will either have all the information that we need or not.
But either way, we know that we have set it up for success in the sense that we're going to have the
actual data, the array list, if there is one, we're going to have the bullion is loading or not.
And if there's an exception, we also are going to have an exception attached to the wrapper.
Oh, this is great.
OK.
Our question repository is now done.
So next, what are we going to do?
Well, next we're going to create a view model because if we need to construct this app in such a way,
we have some sort of a clean architecture that we have.
These pieces that are working together to create a better application was most importantly, to make
it more flexible for us to extend, add more to our app without breaking our application.